Support exclude_alerts parameter in Prometheus list rules endpoint (#9300)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/references/http-api/index.md

The `file`, `rule_group` and `rule_name` parameters are optional, and can accept multiple values. If set, the response content is filtered accordingly.

> The `exclude_alerts` parameter is optional. If set, only rules are returned, active alerts are excluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `exclude_alerts` parameter is optional. If set, it only returns rules and excludes active alerts.
```
